box alarm engine one engine five and
eight meter 20 squat two teeth one
engine one engine five engine eight
matter 20 squat - t1 respond on a fox
Allah cast and West kind of veteran
catalyst Alexander II by smart alarm
companies responding fire report in the
hotel building at Cass and West
Alexander in cash and West Alexander II
we have no address for that fire in the
hotel have all companies around squat -
reporting smoke showing as quiet area
for smokes on our company's on a box
line casting out exactly and go to a
fire scene one fire scene one yesterday
55 we go DMSO same engine fire
requesting EMS on the scene EMS has been
EMS it route into five EMS or on beef
one what have we got on this thing chief
one to any officer on the singing Castle
alexandrine what do we have on the scene
we got a popular we stretch it on it to
look like it's confined from one unit
top floor chief chief one the central
how many engines on this box chief one
here P engines truck and squad yourself
cheaper suddenly an additional engine
chief well Geary additional engine
hollering engines 17 into 17 respond on
the PAC's la Cass and Alexander and
Castle examine into 17 I'll be going to
need EMS on this thing too since we
don't make this a second alive get an
explosion company recording they request
a second laughs glad to respond to
requests to the sacral I'm casting
alexander keith's one on the scene
zooming into the command chief one
reporting fire four-story apartment
building problem at least 50 lat 150 I
are on the second floor have several
rounds of several alarm arriving
companies be prepared to go into
evacuation mode chief - correction chief
where we puts fire started occupied of
our booking
once you not an addict or what also
companies to respond fearful rescue
operations chief one that was standing
area hey well she wasn't just a friendly
letter send a letter seven chief one or
we give me a letter seven calling chief
five latter seven engine 35 inches 39
squad for responding on a second alive
cast an Alexandrian chief one in central
staging the corner of cast and alexander
rain on the east corner a chief one
report to state narrow big cats and
alexander in cash and alexander ii
engine 39 and row second I'm company's
responding fire and an occupied
apartment building at Cass and Alexander
II caste and Alexander and hiring an
occupier Department building squad for
you around chief died I want ladder
seven to come in on our side to read and
go to the west side of the building
she's one we have that second line
moving up all the way on the second
floor they are abusing a IFG way to
China
wait what utility charges engine run I
want you to stretch give me supply lines
idea
I need additional lines going up or two
lines going to first law jeez one I
would work with a rise engine one I want
you to back down and stretch is it on
turn around
back down stretch breathless I've been
on the west side for eg1 how the first
one I saw second floor third floor in
the report SeaWorld
I'm a lone be side on the ground near
miss at night keep empowering back also
if I were coming we gotta get more lines
off engine one let me engine one is ones
FeO engine 17 back to bed
healthy olive engine one you've run the
ladder seven I need you I got you I see
one go wait are you evacuation a floral
evacuation hey so just wait till they
get my car now C 1 this is engine 1 I'm
ready to play with water- line there yet
in the matrix you see God Jeep on our
officer interior Halloween she's one
cheap one all companies gotta come up a
QA turnout
she want everybody out everybody out
this is cheap on everybody else
everybody everybody I keep throwing
everybody else keep one everybody else
I give me an account Oh give me a half
count all offices give me a head count
up all company offices get all company
officers give me a haircut make sure you
got your bed out engine roaring I swore
to think that is wt1 all personnel
accounted for and out of the building
no counterpart over borders ladder seven
woman to prepare g5 will be Operations
Officer I'm sorry chief chief want
operations offered officer chief five
safety officer